I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Stop lying.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, Tazik's Cube.
Jeff from Earth in right at the start.
I am Katniss.
Good to see everybody.
Atari Mama, good to see you.
It is the 16th of January, 2025.
My name is Jonathan Cui.
I am a former tenure-seeking academic biologist from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can find me on the National Library of Medicine's website, PubMed, under the last name C-O-U-E-Y, with my first initials J and J. Hello, everybody in the chat.
Good to see you.
It goes right back to the origins of modern democracy in the English revolutions of the 17th century.
English Revolution of the 17th century.
At that time, great concern was expressed over popular agitators, itinerant preachers and workers with their little printing presses and their pamphlets and their public speeches, which were removing the cloak of mystery behind which the Parliament and the King
were carrying out their much narrower struggle than when you read about in history books.
Now, these people were, in their words, they were people who wanted to be represented not by lords and gentry, but by men of their own kind, men who know the people's swords, quoting from Leveller pamphlets.
And observing their activities, one contemporary historian warned
that by revealing the workings of power, they will make the people so curious and so arrogant that they will never find humility enough to submit to a civil rule, which is a big problem.
Well, well after these radical Democrats had been crushed by about 1660, John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids, must be told what to believe.
the greatest part cannot know and therefore they must believe.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation?
What was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue.
Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different.
No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it.
So, I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
You know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
know when when we have this new pandemic that is you know got 75 mortality and uh it it's not it's there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it has to be just it it's literally turning into a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
the rules protect yourself at all times follow my instructions keep it clean touch gloves if you wish let's do it sweaty palms this is so crazy like goosebumps this is so crazy i feel so nervous like what in the world man he introduced
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
what a long strange trip it's been ladies and gentlemen hello welcome to the show this is a giga ohm biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist we're gonna try and disseminate some knowledge which might help dispel their enchantment today
I think there are a few things that we can need to keep hammering on and so I'm back again today to say a lot of the same stuff I've said over the last few days, maybe with a little more accuracy and frame it in the context of where we are on this timeline.
Try to expand your time horizon so that you understand more than the last three weeks and the coming two weeks has the relevant timeline.
Your consciousness is prime real estate.
And by allowing your consciousness to roam freely on social media, essentially, you have allowed them to kind of replace what is true with what is perceived to be true.
They have complete control there.
And this illusion goes back all the way to the foundation of our money system, of course, and when they just had newspapers and TV, they were already doing it, but now you can
Rest assured that with cable TV and with social media now, our culture is effectively being destroyed by these people.
And it may not even be in their own minds what they're doing, but they are part of a machine that has been doing it for a very, very long time.
Fortunately for us, our history is still available.
It can still be collected and archived and organized and summarized and shown to people who can see, even when they're shown.
And we've got to realize that not everybody's going to see it, but our kids
our kids could be shown.
Children can see anything if shown, even things that aren't there.
And so we have to be sure that we teach them what these people believe, what these people are trying to accomplish, and how to keep our kids out of this slavery, I think, is to make sure that our kids get offline instead of ever, ever more permanently online.
Um, they've known for a long time, ladies and gentlemen, Edward Bernays, Noam Chomsky, they've all been able to enunciate it.
It is a spectacular commitment to lies.
That's all that is required.
Um, that's, that's the reality.
That's all that's required is a spectacular commitment to lies, a story.
If you stay focused and committed to the story, um,
then we're in trouble.
And ladies and gentlemen, I want to suggest that if we stand firm against this, I think actually we can save our children.
because it was our fault.
A message to the kids out there, children can't give informed consent.
That was on your parents.
The illusion is only sustained through your parents' active participation.
If your parents had the guts and the wherewithal to reject this with united noncompliance, none of y'all would have ever had a mask.
None of you college students would have ever gotten given a test.
None of you college students would have ever gotten transfected.
That's the reality of it, and we need, as adults, to cop to that failure.
I tried, a lot of people tried, but in the end, the vast majority of adults were not there.
And it's partly the system's fault, it's partly this military operation's fault, but it's also the lack of principles in an emergency.
And that's on you, every adult.
That's on you.
So what you can do to make up for that is to learn the biology that gets your kids out.
and learn who should have done known better and who knew better and identify them and realize that the only reason why you're just hearing about it now is because of them.
Because all those people know me and probably are responsible for keeping you away from me in this illusion of consensus on social media.
Ladies and gentlemen, I do think there's hope in our history.
You just got to learn it, archive it, and realize what's going on.
It's all there for you.
All the way back to HIV and the origins of cancer theory.
Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.
But I hope that this time it could be different.
Because social media has inevitably exposed them in a way that I don't think that they ever thought that they would be exposed.
And going off script,
Going off script on social media I think is proving a lot more difficult than they thought, given the number of podcasts and the number of places these people have to be.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminal, RNA cannot pandemic, and the U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
Welcome to the show, welcome to the show, welcome to the show, welcome to the show.
Hello, ladies and gentlemen.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
January 16th, 2025.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is the back of my garage.
The blinds are closed, but it's snowing outside.
We had a remote instruction day at the local high school where Matthew Crooks also graduated.
My son is now a freshman.
Look, I don't know what to tell you.
My family's got it all on the line here.
And this message is about what you have on the line versus what we have on the line.
And I want you to just realize, and when I say you, I mean Jessica Rose and Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Mary Holland and Pierre Cory and Peter McCullough.
And I mean, the list is long.
Nick Hudson and Jonathan Engler and Jessica Hockett and Joe Lee and Sasha Latipova and I mean I can keep going it's just all off the top of my head all of these people
are part of an elaborate illusion machine.
I don't really know who pays for them.
I don't have a good idea of who hired them.
I don't know if they were all hired at the same time.
I don't know if it's attached to military or private interests.
I really don't know.
It's a crime scene and quite frankly, I don't think it's my responsibility to come up with an exact explanation for what these people are doing when it's so easy to see that what they've done is incongruent with being a hero.
So I do have a lot of people to thank including all of my subscribers and the people that just give money every once in a while or often we do manage to pay the bills here, which is a rent and and and utilities and and sandwiches and frozen pizzas and a little dog food, so One way or another it's happening and it's gonna keep happening and as long as that's a
That's true.
I feel some obligation to be here and to be working this beat.
I don't know why that's on.
Let's turn that off.
And let's get this up here and that up here.
So healthy people don't get sick.
If you're a college kid who went back to
university during the mandates of 2021 and tested every week or submitted to two weeks of quarantine when you tested positive, or maybe even took a vaccine in order to go back to your school and pay an exorbitant amount of tuition for very little education, I want to apologize on behalf of all the adults in your life and all of the adults in your community for not having saved you from that fiasco, for not having just told you to take a year off.
and instead sending you back into the mouth of a system that was definitely did not have your interest in mind and most likely took those test remnants and sold them to the highest bidder.
And I would suggest that any college kid that went back to one of these schools where they were forced to test every week should start to think about organizing a class action lawsuit against your university with other fellow students
in order to pursue the possibility that your university may have profited very greatly from that system.
And maybe even just a small number of faculty members or a small number of bureaucratic members, you know, or deans or whatever it is, but they may have even had a contract to sell those remnants ready to go before the remnants were even going to be needed.
And all of these things could represent great big gaping
holes where sunlight can shine through on 2020 and 2021 when I believe most of the significant malfeasance was started and the the patterns of malfeasance were established that still are ongoing today and are ignored by this health freedom movement that's despite having decades to fight against this this bullshit
public health narrative have never gotten to the point where they can say it usefully for young people and usefully for new parents and usefully for people who are just trying to figure out, why should I listen to you?
Well, because your feelings about common sense and how the world works should be reinforced by your health and well-being.
The way that you interact with your world, the way that your body interacts with the world, what you do with your life on a daily basis should contribute to your well-being.
And if it doesn't, then something is drastically wrong.
And our system is built in such a way that poisoning is ignored, sedentary behavior is ignored, pollution is ignored, and intramuscular injection of toxins is ignored as sources of distress and sickness and illness and chronic illness and cancer.
And instead, we're supposed to focus on, I guess, specific incarnations of those things, like, I guess, 5G, or LED lights, or dyes that have numbers and colors, or processed foods, without mentioning glyphosate, or GMO plants, or animals, or insects.
without mentioning anything about cosmetics.
The list is endless.
I don't know how to improvise too well over this contradiction in the way that the purported health freedom movement to a great extent hasn't moved us that far forward, hasn't scored any touchdowns in the last 10 years and certainly not during the pandemic.
And we need to start scoring touchdowns before these college kids that we've almost lost as young adults are permanently lost.
Before these children that we have are permanently lost to the teachers who are saying that their parents don't know what they're talking about.
We're in a desperate situation right now in America.
And we are currently being led to believe that somehow we're gonna be saved.
I don't even understand how it is possible that we're going to be saved when nothing significant is changing.
No one is talking about how intramuscular injection of medicine in general is kind of dumb.
We're not even remotely close to questioning the methodology of vaccination in general.
And we're not even remotely close to questioning the
giant assumptions that are made as we spend billions of dollars a year under the pretense that evolution because DNA or DNA therefore evolution.
hunting down causes of disease, even mental illness, by trying to look at animal models and paying the salaries of and the bureaucracy of all of these universities that are investigating these meaningless animal models under this meaningless pretense that everything can be determined by genes.
Physics and chemistry is just life, but we don't know how it works yet.
We've got to be very careful that we do not pass that bad biology 101 to our children like it was passed to us.
We have to start using very precise language for young parents so that they understand that we mean business.
Like, hey, since you're going to have a kid soon, just consider this phrase, intramuscular injection is the single worst way to be exposed to a toxin.
Try to get a young parent to be curious about the truth.
Try to get a young parent to consider the possibility that a baby, when it's born, if the parent is healthy, if the pregnancy is healthy, then the need for augmentation at birth or anytime soon after birth is absurd.
I think we really, really need to have doctors start to understand that that message is lost.
It's gone.
Maybe they've never even heard it or thought of it that way.
But we need to return to the basics, the fundamentals.
It's what I tell my seventh grade B team in basketball every night.
Fundamentals, ladies and gentlemen, cut in front of your man, not behind him.
Like, we've got to go back to the fundamentals.
New Biology 101, for me, the fundamental idea would be that life is a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time.
And so the limitation of the Human Genome Project and the whole assumption of evolution because DNA is that nowhere can we
reasonably decode the trajectory across time that would necessarily need to be encoded in DNA if the premise evolution because DNA is true.
And if you presume that there's no need to encode the way that is something built and the way that is maintained and changed and grows over time to maturity
then you're really giving these people way too much with what their assumption edifies, what they can assume about the world based on that idea.
And I think that there is a very good, albeit short,
about how this makes sense and theirs doesn't and how we can start to think about biology in a different way going forward given this idea and and and I can think of a lot of and drawn already a lot of graphical representations to represent what they've done to us with that bad biology and how how it is artificially enticing to think that all has been explained there and it absolutely positively has not because
Life is better characterized in the English language this way.
And so this is a much better starting point.
In fact, it's a much better model for what we're trying to understand.
And a much better model means that we can better explain the coexistence of all of these different pattern integrities and understand them as being interrelated in a much different way than evolution because DNA
makes them interrelated.
Because evolution, because DNA makes them interrelated by a physics and chemistry sort of way.
and a linear programming sort of way.
Whereas if you think of life as a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time, it becomes even much more difficult to draw the borders from one pattern integrity to another.
And how those pattern integrities interact is a much less obvious physical and chemical interaction
if that interaction can have ramifications across time.
If, you know, like you're paddling over here in your river and they're paddling over there in their river, but then when you put your paddle in the water, it affects them.
And all of that is discounted, it is missing from the evolution because DNA model, because that has to be outside of us, that has to be separate from us, because the unit of change is the species, it's not the individual.
The unit of change is the species makes the individual irrelevant.
And it also means that governing people as inconsequential individuals makes more sense from a longer time horizon and with that bad biological understanding of the irreducible complexity that is our world.
I don't know where I'm going with this, so I'm going to keep going with what I intended to say, just a random introduction there.
It is 2025.
I use this picture to represent what's going on because I'm trying to encourage people to remain on a time horizon that takes into account the fact that much of this narrative started in 2015.
That's when Peter Daszak and Shengxi Li and Ralph Baric published their paper about SARS-CoV-2 viruses from China that everybody pointed to at the beginning of the pandemic as, oh my gosh, they made this.
And in 2016, the movie Vaxxed was out and ICANN and CHD were working hard to get the word out about something already before the pandemic.
And then at the start of the pandemic, those people could have said whatever they wanted to on their platform.
But they, I guess, just said that we've got to have health freedom and censorship is bad.
And so I think it's very, very important to understand that if we don't
take back the health freedom movement, if we don't throw away this astroturf populism health freedom movement and put real doctors and real lawyers in place, it's going to be a ha-ha, not a ma-ha, and the joke is going to be on our grandkids.
So I'm going to go back to October 30, 2022, and I'm going to see what I had to say and how much I got right and what I didn't get right.
And then I'm going to see how I would compare what I said then to if I had a chance to present to this prestigious panel again, what I would actually say again this time.
Okay, everybody, I'm going to start by reading kind of the first paragraph of Jonathan Cooey's thesis, and then I'm going to introduce Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us is
incredible preeminent panel that we have.
Each one of you is going to get a chance to comment.
Before I move on, I see some of the commenters are ready.
I think it's instructive to watch the participants, given what I have stated.
which is that I pretty much believe that Robert Malone, if you can see my mouse, I don't know if you can see that, Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, and Jessica Rose are on the same team.
I think they've had meetings and discussions in private.
One hypothesis that makes some reasonable sense to me is that they are part of a group of people that has been misleading and manipulating Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for a long, long time about this.
And one of the reasons to say that would be because other people have found that Robert Malone and Meryl Nass were actually in close proximity to one another in the anthrax vaccine debate earlier in recent American history.
It's also very interesting that Jessica Rose cut her teeth in virology and HIV.
Again, you know, modeling, this kind of thing, not dissimilar to what a lot of these other people did before the pandemic.
It's also interesting that some of her postdoc funding before the pandemic came directly from a NATO funding source, which is strange.
I've never met a postdoc in my entire life that got funding
from NATO.
And then so I think that actually, Tess Lorre may be less read in on the American side of things than the rest of these three, who I'm sure are quite read in well, because also Jessica Rose, as long as I've known, has been regularly doing podcasts as a guest host
for CHD just like Meryl Nass does.
Meryl Nass being a longtime scientific advisor of CHD and Bobby.
And Robert Malone, of course, has a book or two that CHD sells and publishes for him.
And so this is a very one-sided group where I don't think Tess Lorre could be as connected to these three as these three are connected to each other.
And so then I'll just leave it from there.
on his thesis, I wanted to bring everybody together because I've read Jonathan's thoughts about this.
He's one of the most thoughtful critics of the pandemic management from the beginning.
He was one of the co-founders of DRASTIC, which was the organization of independent scientists all over the world.
But if you noticed what clip David White
white side.
I don't know if I could click this.
Particularly at the beginning, the Organization of Independent Science.
See, what he puts in here is not, for example, the picture of DRASTIC, where they had all of the members, and then the picture of my family that was my Twitter handle at the time.
Instead, they chose to take a really crappy sort of website,
you know, website snapshot and then DARPA diffuse documents are available here.
It's laughable now if you see how they cut this and what kinds of things they chose to put in anyway.
Here we go.
This is all over the world.
particularly at the beginning of the pandemic, did really wonderful work in understanding the science, in unearthing scientific studies that made a lot of this stuff comprehensible.
And he's also been instrumental in uncovering some of the involvement of the intelligence agencies and others
in the management of the pandemic and also the long history of what we call gain-of-function science.
And here's the first paragraph, which is a synopsis of the pandemic.
Now, he's not going to read the most important part.
That's the most unfortunate.
He's going to read the first paragraph, but then he stops just short of starting about anything biological.
And the email that I sent him from which he's reading is actually pretty sharp.
But let's just go.
His latest thoughts about it.
Using a highly coordinated messaging campaign, governments around the world, led by the WHO, changed our minds about all cause mortality.
coronavirus swarm, our immune response to respiratory RNA virus, and the idea of vaccination, the goal seems to be to accomplish a worldwide fundamental inversion for natural human rights
the government granted permissions and ultimately the surrendering of sovereignty over our own bodies in the guise of international public health.
Well, none of that is particularly new.
But I think all of us separately have come to the conclusion that that's what's happened.
And we've all taken our own paths getting there.
What are you doing?
Jonathan, you have some kind of unique take now that I think we all need to talk about and that the public needs to hear.
So why don't you take it away?
It's my honor and privilege to speak to you people today.
Thank you very much to take the time to listen.
Be careful, OK?
I commented to the FDA about the fact that principle of informed consent has been ignored.
And the way they're doing it is that they're
essentially have misinformed us and they've started from the very beginning with misinforming us and that's where we are now.
I'll most of the time have my head out of the way.
The hypothesis that I want to really start with is the idea that the WHO declared a pandemic of a dangerous virus, declared dangerous by them,
And this allowed them to convert a large percentage of all cause mortality into a national security priority of vaccine preventable deaths.
Before the pandemic, this would have been called the flu.
And before the pandemic, not in the sense of this is the flu, but in the sense of the national security priority,
that was a vaccine preventable deaths took the form of the flu and the flu vaccine.
And the important thing to understand is how that was calculated and how they've stopped calculating it in that way.
So if I can just summarize as briefly as possible, I apologize for the animations.
This is for my normal stream.
There's four basic things that we need everybody to understand.
And that's not we in this group, but it's we as we spread the message further.
First one is, is that we need everybody to understand that there is a coronavirus swarm.
So before the pandemic, there used to be hundreds of possible causes for respiratory disease.
And in general, they were lumped into a pneumonia and influenza category.
But from 2020 on, we have reformulated the counting of deaths based on hundreds of EUA products, many of which are no longer on the market.
And all of those were purported to be specific for this novel and deadly virus.
Holy cow.
So in 2022, presenting to this prestigious panel, I already
pretty much could say why the PCR test is a pretty big problem and that it was a background.
Now, I was still calling the background coronavirus.
I still hadn't quite got to the point where I understood what was going on and what clones are and how to use that and understand that as being the limitation of whatever virology is.
But I'm pretty close already.
You know, the other unfortunate thing is that I'm using these graphics that are supposed to represent something that needs much more explanation than this.
And so... You know, it's a function of... How do I say it?
I mean, I'm coming out of 2020 where everything was absolutely as complicated as it could be.
I had to learn all the molecular biology of ACE2 receptors and the Bradykinin signaling cascade.
And I had to learn about spike proteins and fusion proteins and Staphylococcin and Teratoxin B and amyloidosis and prions.
And I had to learn all of this stuff
because that's what everybody was talking about.
That's what everybody was... And the other thing that I had to learn was immunology.
And it's thanks to Mike Eden and maybe even somebody like...
like Ryan Cole that I pursued once and for all just saying, okay, I got to at least know it on a level where I know what these people are talking about and I know what most important is and I know the order of operations and the mechanisms that are thought to be at play and what was said before the pandemic.
And so I dedicated a lot of that time here
also to learning about the immune system.
And if you learn about the immune system from their books, then you learn about it in the context of not only bacterial toxins, but of course, viruses.
And so it was still me trying to climb out of the cave here, being unable to accept that, you know, whole textbooks could be wrong.
But I still didn't understand that evolution because DNA was a cognitive trap that could really, really hamper your ability to see straight.
I was still recovering from being an academic biologist where that was one of the operative presumptions of any question that I would ask or any experiment that I would design.
And this is incidentally really the only hard evidence, quote unquote, that we have of the existence of a novel and deadly virus.
And the cartoon that I'm showing here is trying to portray the idea.
Look at the face of Meryl Nass.
I mean, if anything, it looks like Robert Malone is in a position to type.
And it could be that Meryl Nass or Meryl Nass and Jessica Rose are able to see what he types.
That's my guess.
Meryl Nass may also be typing, that's possible.
That before the pandemic, there were a wide variety of causes for respiratory disease.
Some of them were coronavirus, rhinovirus, respiratory syncytial virus, the flu, et cetera.
And since the start of the pandemic, we've basically summarized that into one cause.
The second thing that they've changed is our idea of how we count all mortality or how we think about it.
They've led us to believe that there's a new cause of death, but the results of having a new cause of death aren't visible in all-cause mortality.
They've convinced the public and governments around the world that a PCR test is evidence of this novel pathogen, and using that PCR test, they have purposefully omitted the all-cause mortality from the discussion in order to convert
regular existing deaths into a new cause of death based on this PCR test.
And so again, I'm not telling you anything you don't know, but I hope I'm summarizing it in a way that will start to bring into the idea.
Incidentally, I am summarizing it and I am saying things that they're not any concerned about anymore.
What I'm saying about the PCR test is nothing that Jessica Rose up until 2022 has given a shit about anymore.
If she cared about it at all in 2020, she doesn't care about it now.
And she's not worried about what damage would have been done with that PCR.
Not worried about the remnants that were generated at all the universities in America and around the world with that PCR.
And neither is Meryl Ness.
She was never worried about the PCR test.
Robert Malone wasn't even out in public yet when the PCR test was creating the illusion of a pandemic.
And so I'm saying something that none of these people have kept in their consciousness for long enough to understand the ramifications of it.
And remember that this is something that I was saying in the backyard that I lost in 2020.
In July of 2020, I was saying the exact same thing that a PCR test not specific for a new virus, but a specific on a background is being used to confound
I'm not saying murder yet here, unfortunately.
And that's another thing missing because of the meddling of people in my life for three years already.
This is October of 2022.
It's three years and like eight months of meddling.
And so I still wasn't there.
I wasn't able to save my friend, Nathan, who probably took the shot in 2022.
that we don't even need a particularly dangerous virus for this to occur.
The next thing they've done is they've confused everyone, including doctors, about our immune system.
They've led us to believe that seroprevalence is really important, and I think they've done this for purposes of national security.
They have also accomplished this by... Meryl is nodding, and I don't think that she is nodding about me.
I think she's nodding about what she's reading on whatever chat they're using.
disingenuously emphasizing antibodies to structural proteins, and these are unproven correlates of immunity.
And finally, just to beat a dead horse, they have simplified the immune response to avoid any loss of countermeasure uptake from informed consent non-participation.
In other words, they don't want you to understand how complicated the immune system is, otherwise you would have a reason not to participate.
And so finally, of course, you are all aware of how many different ways they've changed the way we think about vaccination.
They have done this again in order to make sure that we take the new product up.
I think it's important to point out that this disingenuous emphasizing of antibodies started many years ago.
They've lamented for many.
She's nodding again.
It ain't for this.
Come on.
years that people just don't take the flu vaccine like we'd like them to and have oversimplified it again in order to kind of get us to accept this idea that now that we've vaccinated, excuse me, transfected so many people, it's a safe methodology and it's just simply not true.
And why are they doing this?
He said transfection there.
I didn't do it very well, but I did say it.
I did say it.
Just to make sure I have your full attention here, remember, they didn't tell us anything about purity.
There's data from the EU that says they pretty much put out a wide bouquet of purities.
Again, they're simplifying this to make it, you know, it's just an RNA, it's just a lipid nanoparticle.
And don't forget that they coerced us into believing that by taking this novel.
And so you can see there that actually that slide says,
They have accomplished this by disingenuously describing the simplicity of transfection.
So I'm trying to rush through this because this was a complete slide deck and I thought that I was going to be able to present to Bobby Kennedy, excuse me, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
alone.
And instead, a few days before, I was told that it would be Robert Malone and somebody else.
And then a day before, I was told that it would be these four, and that I would only have, instead of, you know, an hour or whatever, I had like three minutes.
And so I went into this told that I had like, you know, five minutes at most, and I took 10.
And I'm still flubbing it, really, if you think about it.
methodology we could save our grandparents.
So all this being said, how did they accomplish this?
Well, they accomplished this by getting us to argue about whether this was a lab leak virus or a natural virus for at least two and a half years.
Calling that our common narrative, you see, calling that our common narrative.
We did have a common narrative, but they bifurcated us on the interpretation of it.
That's it.
And then it brings it all together in the end.
After five years, you can know we're in 2025 and most people would accept it if it was a lab leak.
Well, I believe it.
Right and left, center, doesn't matter.
And that was by design.
That's what this multi-year campaign was designed to do.
And part of that requires that none of these people that are in the health freedom movement now ever go back to 2020 and 2021 to consider how many people's DNA and medical data was stolen, how many people were sampled over and over again, how many college kids lost all of their medical data and genetic data to that remnant sales, and how that continues in our corporatized hospitals in America to this day.
how much money was spent during 2020 and 2021 on everything from PCR to track and trace, and then encouraging people using track and trace to take more PCR tests.
And none of these people are worried about that money or that invasion of privacy or that potential violation of sovereignty by selling their genetic information to the highest bidder.
None of them care, even though that's something that the Human Genome Project and people like Mark Lander and Kevin McKernan would have said would be ideal already 15 years ago.
What, we could get everybody in America to swab themselves every couple weeks and send it into the government?
Boy, that would be phenomenal.
And that argument precludes the possibility that gain of function research may not be that dangerous.
And in fact, the only thing that we know for sure is that they've been working on immunogenic proteins and that it's very difficult for them to handle coronavirus in a laboratory.
And so as you're well aware, we don't know whether this came from nature or a marketplace or a laboratory, but I can tell you two years into this commission report,
The US government knows more than it's telling us.
And so, you know, he's he.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Our host, Robert Kennedy, has interviewed Jeffrey Sachs and has talked about this with him.
He is perpetuating the same narrative.
If we look at pneumonia and influenza, this is year on year 18, 19, 20, 21, 22.
And we look at the red line being pneumonia and the shaded areas here are influenza deaths.
And of course, this is a CDC graph.
It's designed to confuse you.
You have to use the axes on the right for the shaded area and the axes on the left for the red line.
If we convert this to what they're telling us now, which is pneumonia, influenza, and coronavirus, P-I-C instead of P-N-I, now we see this great drop-off in flu and we see this great increase in coronavirus deaths.
If we look year on year on year, the actual fraction of pneumonia deaths which are tied to flu is quite small.
And so what we are looking at here, in my humble opinion, is an attempt to convert more of the unknown pneumonia and respiratory illness to a vaccinatable target.
If they show this graph on the PBS NewsHour with all the deaths every week, contrasted to the COVID and to the pneumonia deaths, no one would be that worried about this and the emergency would be obvious.
So the way they did that, and I'm almost done, the way they did that is they tricked us about how this swarm is composed.
We know that before the pandemic, there were many hundreds of causes for respiratory disease, and now we're using a PCR test to blame it on a few.
I think this is really the best way I guess I can summarize.
This should be the end here.
Yeah, so here, what I've been talking about for the last two years on my podcast is how Fauci had these emails.
and the fusion inhibitor can block the fusion of many different coronaviruses, and that endosomal entry is a good target for some of these therapeutics, and that they hid the data about all of these molecular signatures.
But then after two years, I start to feel like maybe they didn't hide any of this.
Maybe they just very controlled released this information to keep us fighting about this lab leak or natural virus, when in reality,
It's probably closer to part of an existing swarm.
The PCR was originally aimed at the spike protein, but it is no longer aimed there.
T cell memory from childhood is protective, specifically because we don't focus coronavirus memory on structural proteins.
And these molecular clues are probably clues to how they've tried to modify proteins to become immunogens, so that they can remove the need for an adjuvant.
And at best, I think this is where gain of function has reached in terms of its limits of its technology and coronavirus, simply because coronavirus is so intractable in the laboratory.
So that's my theory.
I think the gain of function of coronavirus is an exaggeration based on a false fidelity that they claim to have.
NIAID-funded designer protein may or may not be involved in the initial biological incident, which would explain why it doesn't really move like a variant of a virus, because in fact, it's probably a protein that contaminated the viral swarm that already exists.
And then we can, obviously I had a lot more slides, so I can.
What I'm thinking there is that if they transfected people to a spike protein that it could incorporate into the background, it might look like
So imagine a scenario where the background is N-protein and E-protein and RNA-dependent polymerase and fusion proteins called spikes.
And then you just said, okay, I'm going to find a new spike.
And then that means we found a new virus.
So then you just make a new spike, or you make the DNA for it, or you make the RNA for it, and you put it out there and say you found it.
because the background already has the N protein and the E protein and the RNA dependent RNA polymerase.
So when you do metagenomic sequence on an environmental sample, the background has the N, the E, the S, and if you just find the special S, then you can use metagenomic sequencing to assemble a new coronavirus that has a great deal of homology on the N protein, the E protein and other proteins, but is really different with the S protein.
And so again, because of my limited time here, I didn't have the wherewithal to explain it.
I had just sort of started to try and formulate that idea that if you added something to the background, like a spike protein that you said you found, by just producing the DNA and then claiming to find it, you could essentially claim to find anything you want, including an NIH-designed immunogen.
that would then guarantee your transfection countermeasure would be very successful at generating antibodies because you already know your designer immunogen will generate seroprevalence.
I think it's actually a spectacular possibility that is so much better than saying no virus or saying all this other stuff that of course makes no sense.
and also still allows me to be right about the fact that RNA cannot pandemic.
There's RNA back there, there's a background.
And if you said you found something on that background, then you could add that something to the background.
Oh, I found a special new car in your garage.
And the special new car is definitely there because this titanium flashlight is part of that special new car.
The rest of it is pretty much the same as all other cars.
So in the wreckage of your garage, I find wheels and I find a V6 engine and I found this titanium flashlight.
So I guess that means that in your garage was that very special car because that's what this indicates.
Trying to make some analogies off the cuff here, but I mean, I think this was actually a spectacular attempt at a seven minute presentation trying to get somebody here to be
know, held to account or to have to say I'm wrong.
And they never he never said I was wrong.
He talked about about warm base manufacturing of the flu vaccine and stuff.
I can answer any questions.
That would be my my thesis.
Now the reason why... One of the things that interests me about what you say is that we at the CHDA, we've tracked the flu data.
They've tracked the flu data and we talked about that and that's interesting because they have suggested that the flu is manufactured and it has to be because the flu numbers have to get to a certain level before the flu vaccine is funded by the CDC as an epidemic.
And so that's been going on for a very long time, but that's not the same thing as creating from whole cloth a mythology about a novel virus and a whole necessity for a new battery of diagnostics that could have several generations of improvement and a new battery of vaccines on the schedule that could have several generations of improvement because of this novel virus.
That is absurd.
Stop lying.
And so I really challenge you, we need to wake up.
That was two and a half years into the pandemic.
That was already a half a year into my employment for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And they tried very desperately to keep me in and on focus.
It's really remarkable actually.
And I think that right now is,
is an absolutely crucial time in our recent history to realize how bad it is.
So in 2022, I said that there was a background.
I still called it coronavirus, but I'm not calling that anymore.
If I was gonna go back and do it again, I would just say that there's a inordinate amount of a yet to be characterized RNA and DNA noise in the background that spans from our
DNA and RNA to the RNA and DNA of the bacteria and the fungi around us and all the phages and all this other stuff unidentified that firms like Metobiota said that they could use whole samples and algorithms to sort out.
And that background was never usefully differentiated from the new signal with single or double or even triple amplicon PCR tests without any sequencing and without requiring all of those amplicons to be present and yada, I mean, the list is endless.
PCR can't be a diagnostic, not on the background of the endless noise that there is.
And yes, I was not good enough in 2022, but I am now to say it correctly, or at least much more accurately.
But I did say that the PCR, the emergency use authorized diagnostics, defined the pandemic.
And that's true around the world.
That's true around the world about how much money was spent, about the original mandates.
and about the creation of a remnant stream that's still going today that provides DNA samples to anybody that's still doing it and buying them.
Omitting all-cause mortality and the use of the population pyramid to know that there was a predicted rise in all-cause mortality that they were managing with murder.
I did not know that yet, but I did know that they were changing the way we thought about all-cause mortality.
I did say something about immunity and being misled about whether we generalize or not, but I still wasn't able to succinctly say that even if you accept that there is an immune system, the immune system, besides differentiating self from non-self in certain key situations, it is probably building memories to pathogen-associated, not pathogen-associated molecular patterns, but damage-associated molecular patterns.
This is where I should be pointing.
And so this is just one example of how rather than trying to teach us the subtleties and the nuances of what we think the immune system might be for our pattern integrity, they taught us an ultra simple version of immunity that involved novel coronaviruses versus old ones that don't matter and antibodies that block them.
Scooby-Doo and I admitted that I had been taken by that.
I thought at this time, you can hear it, that the old vaccines are okay but not these vaccines.
These vaccines they're lying about and I didn't even really say it very well.
I did call out Jeffrey Sachs as being an example of the Scooby-Doo and how it's working and I did
admit at the end there that I was probably convinced by the Scooby-Doo.
That's why I was talking about fusion protein inhibitors and stuff like that in 2020 instead of telling people not to transfect themselves.
And so viruses don't grow in the lab is something that I knew already there, but I hadn't yet fully understood that it's just synthetic DNA and RNA transfected into cell culture, and that's what they call virology.
Uh, no mention of diffuse and I did that on purpose because at that time already, uh, I think Rixey had already been fired and I had already, you know, really stated to everybody a number of times that I'm pretty sure the diffuse proposal is nonsense and to take it at face value means that any leaked
Grant proposal could, in theory, be the next, you know, gain-of-function mythology that we're enslaved by.
And if they leak something that says they're going to put little things in the school food so that they can control our kids' minds, then we'll believe that it's there.
Because, you know, it's the leak.
They leaked it.
It's a document that somebody leaked to Veritas, so it's got to be right.
And so still missing the supplemental oxygen that leads to ARDS.
I'm still missing the ventilators to stop spread.
I'm still missing the murder by opioids.
I'm still missing the murder part.
I'm just talking about the biology and how they misled us about RNA being able to pandemic and still not able to say it like that.
So I still wasn't there in 2022, but almost, almost.
But I thought all these guys were good guys.
I was kind of convinced Robert Malone wasn't, but I think one of the reasons why we had this meeting was to try and convince me that he was a good guy.
I don't know what to say.
If I had to do it all over again, I would start with this graph.
And I would say that all Western nations had a problem to manage that they've seen for at least 20 years coming.
And in order to manage that problem, they needed an excuse.
And the public health behemoth
that crosses all Western nations' borders, understood that this problem was coming too.
And the governments of these nations, in cooperation with this global public health initiative, weaponized piles of money, coordinatedly managed this problem, this problem that anybody worth their salt now knows was always there, and they managed it with murder, and they called it the pandemic.
And in America in particular, they did it with supplementary oxygen, ventilation, and the lack of antibiotic use when it should have been necessary.
And so that's really what's happening here.
Mystery virus equals excess deaths was a way of managing the population pyramid problem.
They did it with a whole list of different things.
Fear, uncertainty and doubt, do not resuscitate orders, supplementary oxygen, ventilators, lack of antibiotic use, poor use of steroids, remdesivir, midazolam.
The opioid deaths were probably treated really well in 2019 to make sure that they didn't get out of control.
And then they probably reduced the distribution of Narcan during the pandemic.
I don't know.
Nobody cares.
Nobody would ever look into that.
There was also death certificate fraud.
There were financial incentives across the hospital system.
There were track and trace.
that led more people to get tested and to believe that the tests were real.
There were masks that were creating the pulse ox problems that led people to take the supplementary oxygen in the first place and for doctors not to know it, even though they should have known because it's been known since the 80s.
Closures, mandates, and then of course PCR fraud, lateral flow test fraud, the sequencing fraud, and of course the sale of those remnants.
That's why there's no epidemiological evidence of spread.
And unfortunately, that's why we don't have any lawyers on our team that are willing to talk about strict liability as a way to fix the vaccine schedule.
And more importantly, because sometimes they do say that, we have no lawyers that are saying that these laws can be struck as unconstitutional because they allow the government to suspend fundamental rights while not being held to strict scrutiny.
And any lawyer that's worth their salt will understand exactly what I said and either go, holy shit, he's right.
Or some other ridiculous reaction that would belie either stupidity or participation in this.
We need a new consensus about the fact that the vaccine schedule in the USA is a criminal enterprise, and ICANN and CHD could have had this on a flag already in 2016 when they had the movie Vaxxed, or in 2017 or 18 when they had Vaxxed 2, and yet now here we are in 2025 and we still don't have an organization in America
Besides the one that's headquartered in my garage that's saying that the vaccine schedule in the USA in particular is a criminal enterprise and you can compare it to any other Western nation and get a good clue why.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminal because that was an old technology already well understood on the academic bench.
Any academic biologists worth their salt should have figured this out by now.
And RNA cannot pandemic.
And so what I've tried to make my main message is, is that the people on social media have not helped us.
They have trapped us inside of an illusion of consensus, which defined a limited spectrum of debate, which never would have gotten us anywhere near anything on this slide, and certainly didn't get us anywhere near the idea or calling the vaccine schedule criminal.
They can kind of say, I don't know if I'd ever take one again.
If you wouldn't take one, but millions of children in the future will take one, then don't you think it would be important to say it a little more strongly than I don't know if I'd take one anymore.
And this whole no virus thing, this whole, oh, it's just was all awful because it misled everybody.
That's why I have this slide from before where, you know, you feel like you're on social media and it feels really cool and like you're fighting the empire and one, you're like one live stream or one tweet away, one podcast away from breaking this illusion.
And that's just absolutely not true.
If all of these people are more or less working together against you, and they are,
And the reason why these people in particular are chosen for my slide is because most of these people have had very personal interaction with me.
Some of them have eaten at my table, given my wife a hug, touched my children, pet my dog.
Other people I've met with my dog and they've ignored my dog, which is just as revealing as, I mean,
And so we are in 2025.
The illusion of a pandemic is ongoing because nobody on either side has usefully objected to it.
And I am the only person that anybody that I know that can summarize the pandemic in a single slide where a background signal
was misconstrued as evidence of spread using nonspecific PCR tests and a countermeasure that was known to be damaging, known to be deadly, known to have almost
almost an inestimable amount of potential for damage was rolled out on the background of a huge number of placebos so that the signal that would have otherwise been expected by mass transfection rollout would never be detected and whatever signal was detected could be denied.
And they would meet all the manufacturing standards, of course, whatever was needed.
That's why none of these people that met me at some point in the last five years are able to just say, well, Jay's mean, but he sure says it right when he says RNA cannot pandemic or intramuscular injection is dumb or transfecting healthy people is a crime.
But that's my message today.
That's my message today, because what?
It's a long, strange trip.
And that guy's nominated for Health and Human Services Secretary.
I worked for him for over a year.
That guy is nominated for head of NIH, and he knows me very well.
We've met several times over the last three years, and he's told me often that he's learned a lot of biology from me during the pandemic.
Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone, I met at the inaugural CHD conference in Knoxville in 2022.
It's also where this picture is taken.
It's also where this picture was taken.
He did not want to be in that photograph with me.
That's also where this photograph is taken, but he did want to be in a photograph with me.
He gave me a note that said that we needed more people like me.
doing what I'm doing.
This photograph was taken at the same place.
This photograph, because you can see I'm wearing the same shirt, this photograph was taken in Georgia at the CHD conference.
I actually have that very banner right there on my door over there.
This picture over here of Brett Weinstein is from his third podcast during the pandemic where he's wearing a bandana and woodshop gobbles to protect him from the aerosolized virus.
And the title of it is Bats, Bioweapons, and Societal Response.
That's Jay Bhattacharya up there with Zuby, who I'm pretty sure is just the worst kind of fake dissident.
He did a nice stream with Debunk the Funk, and he also was on Jay Bhattacharya's podcast.
Jay Bhattacharya started some kind of substack called Illusion of Consensus.
in May of 2023, stealing the term from me right out of my slide deck.
And he started it with a Canadian kid that was first introduced to us by Brett Weinstein, a guy who was in a signal chat with me from late 2020 until middle or late 2021, where basically all of
The idea is that transfection would cause the expression of a protein and therefore the destruction of that cell.
But worse yet, it would challenge the immune system to present the debris and not create autoimmunity.
Every time that happens, the body is challenged not to accidentally create autoimmunity.
And that portion of this discussion is still not really being adequately explained because that is the reason why it's a near combinatorial ridiculous number of things that are possible.
Because if it goes to this cell type and that cell type and that cell type, and then your immune system makes autoimmunity to that component or that protein or that protein, the manifestation of your vaccine damage could be incredibly different in every person that's exposed to a transfection.
And it could, because we are pattern integrities on a trajectory through time, it could manifest itself on different time scales with different time horizons for maladaptive metabolism and then death.
And that's why it's so significant that none of these people, despite my contact with them and begging them to call it a transfection,
Because then the biology of transfection can be explained that, you know, you're just driving your cells to do something that will get your immune system to necessarily have to process them without making a mistake, or you're done.
And I was saying that very, very well, at the beginning of 2021, at the end of 2020, when I had basically gotten to the stage where I think I got this immunology, and I think they're in trouble.
I think transfecting people to a particular protein might be a bad idea.
Behind me over here is my friend Nathan.
The guy who died last year in December from an aneurysm.
His whole family took the shot because he didn't believe.
Thought I was crazy.
I've always been a conspiracy theorist to my friends and even in 9-11.
They thought I was nuts and so They didn't take me very seriously at the beginning of the pandemic because I was going all lab leak on them And at the beginning in the beginning of the pandemic I was saying it's not such a bad idea maybe not to get this yet Maybe the nasty one will get less nasty and maybe you should get it in the spring.
I
That is actually the kinds of things that I was saying in 2020 to my friends and family.
How confused I was.
And so these pictures, a lot of them, like, for example, that one of me and Jane Goodall, she just happened to be on a plane when I was coming back from one of the Broken Science Initiative meetings where I met Jay Bhattacharya.
And I just had to take a picture with her.
And, you know, I told her that I liked her books and I thought she was a hero.
I needed to take a photograph with her.
And that's the photograph.
Jimmy Dore was in Pittsburgh last year.
I just went to his show and gave him a book and that's pictures from that.
Vera Sharov was asking me to write a biology chapter for her book, Never Again is Now.
I don't think she's ever even donated $10.
And I just didn't see it happening.
And then she fired my friend, Uwe, because he did a substack about me when I was critiquing Naomi Wolf.
I mean, that's why these pictures are here.
These pictures aren't here to brag that these people know who I am.
And they pretend not to.
When Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone saw me in November last year at the Brownstone event, they didn't even look me in the eye, even though I was the tallest guy there by a foot and a half.
Certainly the funniest looking one, because I was dressed in all black with a basketball uniform on, and I'm 6'6".
And yet somehow or another they walked right past me several times and didn't even make eye contact, just looked past me.
Not to be a shit or anything like that, but that never happens to me.
I could go to a heavy metal concert and 90% of the people that would walk past me that were facing me would make eye contact with me.
It's just, there's a, that's who you see.
It's like a tall Indian guy.
It's a holy cow.
Is that the dude from one who flew over the cuckoo's nest?
Like what is that guy?
And so I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen, I'm telling you, it is visible right now.
We have one chance to show our kids that this illusion of consensus is created by coordinated lying and how it was done during the pandemic, who did it, and why that means that this biology that this guy from Pittsburgh is pushing is worth considering.
His short, succinct, challenging statements are definitely worth considering.
No matter how abrasive he is, no matter how personal he talks about these people, I think we better consider the possibility because Noam Chomsky told us this is how it happens.
It goes right back to the origins of modern democracy in the English revolutions of the 17th century.
English Revolution of the 17th century.
At that time, great concern was expressed over popular agitators, itinerant preachers and workers with their little printing presses and their pamphlets and their public speeches, which were removing the cloak of mystery behind which the Parliament and the King were carrying out their much narrower struggle than when you read about in history books.
Now, these people were, in their words, they were people who wanted to be represented not by lords and gentry, but by men of their own kind, men who know the people's swords, quoting from Leveller pamphlets, and observing their activities.
One contemporary historian warned that by revealing the workings of power, they will make the people so curious and so arrogant that they will never find humility enough to submit to a civil rule, which is a big problem.
Well, well after these radical Democrats had been crushed by about 1660, John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids, must be told what to believe.
the greatest part cannot know and therefore they must believe.
And so I'm suggesting to you that the military-industrial complex that governs us already understood this a long, long time ago and social media has made it possible for private interests to compete in this governance, to collaborate in this governance.
to become pawns in this government or even in this governance structure or even powers in this governance structure outside of the governance structure that the military industrial complex has already created.
In other words, imagine that MI6 and the US government and the Australian government and the Israeli government all been playing these games together and separately for a very long time.
And now you have these private social media platforms, or these pseudo-private military social media platforms, being able to control the opinion of X number of people in all these different countries under all these different languages.
Then the playing board has shifted a little bit.
The power structure has shifted a little bit.
If Steve Bannon, for example, is coordinating a loosely organized group of liars that is slowly infiltrating the
astroturf version of Christian nationalism in America and creating a astroturf version of Christian nationalism in order to wrangle cats and control a lot of people in America because social media enables that.
We need to understand the warning that's here in the context of where we are now, not when it was given, but where we are now.
where our children are at the behest of social media, where adults are at the control of social media, where they still think that they're seeing some reasonable version of reality by scrolling through social media.
And that is how these people have
created a situation where we inherited a version of charlatanism from our parents that they inherited from their parents.
It's a multi-generational myth that goes all the way back to people like Joshua Lederberg.
I found this book of Joshua Lederberg.
There's two things I want to put under the camera here before I go.
The first one is, there's this book called, can I do this?
I think I can do this, no, this, and then this.
First of all, I wanted to show you this.
This is cute.
Somebody picked this up in December of 2024 at the Florida Children's Health Defense thing.
And they used this photograph that you've seen me in.
I'm up there, right there in the photograph.
But interestingly, they've taken the photograph and they've cut out
Brian Hooker, and they cut out who's standing right here.
Laura Bono, the actual founder of CHD, who's no longer a part of the organization.
It's a very interesting photograph to have because this person right here is also the person who organized the conference and actually all the people that spoke at our conference at the CHD conference actually raised money for themselves, not CHD, but promoted their own thing.
And almost all of those people actually sit on this person's personally organized non-profit that's also kind of anti-vaccine and alternative medicine.
I shit you not, that person was hired by Mary.
She organized a conference in Georgia where this thing was photographed.
And all the people that spoke at that conference are people that sit on the executive committee of her own non-profit.
Like Sabine Hazan.
And this is the photograph they chose to use.
Why?
Because this is the last photograph that they have with these two people together, because when he was running for president, he couldn't be a part of that organization anymore.
And so it was kind of a sketch house photo to get in the first place, because he's not really supposed to be with them anymore.
And it's very, very curious that they used it with that guy still in the photograph already a year after they fired him.
So I wanted to just, I wanted to see if I can find this.
This is a book entitled Germs, Genes, and Medicine, The Life of Joshua Lederberger by Jan Saab.
And it's a very, very expensive book, but I found a book, a copy of it on eBay that was cheap because the cover's on upside down, which is pretty funny.
So I have to turn it over here.
And I'm only on chapter 6, but I want to find this one part that I thought was really cool.
Because I just think it's funny.
I'm not saying anything about what it means.
It's very early in the book.
I think I can still find it.
Yes.
So this is talking about Joshua's parents return to Israel in the early 1960s.
The walls of their Tel Aviv apartment were festooned with copies of the degrees, diplomas, certificates, and awards received by their American sons.
And in 1967, this mother recalled with enthusiastic pride a moment from seven years earlier, she was chairing a
meeting for a Zionist women's organization in New York when Senator Jack Kennedy gave a lecture.
Kennedy knew about Josh, who had recently been awarded the Nobel Prize at the young age of 33.
When he saw me wearing a pin with the name Lederberg, he came straight over, shook my hand, and asked, are you perhaps a relative of Professor Lederberg?
I replied, that's my son.
And if he wasn't too young to receive the Nobel Prize, you are not too young to be president.
Kennedy laughed and I added and I guess this is the mom adding if you were elected president Please send me an invitation to the inauguration and what do you think that he didn't send he sent?
And at the time there was a heavy snowfall and I couldn't get to Washington, but Joshua participated in the ceremony But Joshua participated in the ceremony now, I think that's pretty funny
I think this is really curious.
It's a really cool book.
I'll report more as I read it.
It's actually a really easy read and I've got a good bookmark now.
So let me get back to this and finish this presentation because I do think it's actually really important to dunk on these people right now.
The Health Freedom Movement, the Maha Movement is going to be a ha-ha joke on our grandkids if we don't wake up right now.
And we can see it very easily because the people who were in place at the beginning of the pandemic had a very strict narrative that they stuck to.
And one of the guys that had a very strict narrative that was very early in place was Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project.
The project that very lately I've been trying to say is largely an illusion that required our sovereignty to be inverted into experimental animals so that they could sample us and start the project in earnest.
The Human Genome Project was essentially the restriction mapping of one or two people.
And the sort of test, proof of principle of that, that it could even be done.
And then the next 20 years were spent developing the technology that would allow it to be done cheaper and cheaper and cheaper, supposedly at higher and higher resolution.
And that's where I start to think that some of this stuff is all exaggeration.
And we're in big trouble.
And that guy is the one who said that PCR works, just not theirs.
Just not the who's PCR, but my PCR works.
I'm testing the weed.
And now the reason why it's so important to see this is because this guy had podcast appointments in 2020 repeatedly and often to say that the PCR test works.
That maybe not, it's not as quite as novel as they say it is.
Maybe it was around in October.
That guy with a very specific script in 2020 is now in front of us
saying verifiably incorrect information about the future, very soon to be Health and Human Services Secretary's book about Wuhan.
saying very incorrect things about the contents and the writing of this book, written by the very soon to be Health and Human Services Secretary of the United States.
Why would a, the Research and Development Coordinator Director of the Human Genome Project, Apprentice of Mark Lander, bother going on podcasts like, like,
Bret Weinstein or Danny Jones to say these things?
And that question becomes even more significant when you put it in the timeline and realize that when he came on my podcast in December of 2021, a full year and a half after writing the Cormen Jorsten report,
He said that the RNA wasn't pure in the shot, so that might be a problem.
He said that they have live dead technology that could solve the overcycling and whether or not you're contagious with a virus problem.
And he said that the strains were real because he sequences stuff.
And literally three Decembers later, he's still saying the same thing on Brett Weinstein's podcast and on Danny Jones's podcast.
Plus,
Remember that in 2020, he was already on many podcasts saying PCR works, just not theirs, not the who's PCR, but our PCR.
And so now think about this very carefully in the context of my timeline, okay?
In 2020, I'm lighting it up right here.
In 2020, I was saying nonspecific PCR tests on a loud background.
They're gonna try and transfect kids and that would be a crime.
And I'm an original gangster drastic member at this time.
And it is about this time when drastic decides to throw me out because they're concerned about the origin of the virus and I shouldn't want to talk about transfection.
In 2020, we go to 2021, we have the Corman-Drossman report came out in November the year before.
And in 2021, in May, we have me writing my review where I say transfection has to be stopped.
And in the end of 2021, we have Kevin McKernan coming on my stream to tell me that the RNA isn't pure, that they have live dead technology to solve this PCR problem and the strains are real and evolution is cool.
But then in 2024, in December, he says all the same things, but now tells real, verifiably incorrect, I don't know what else to call them.
Are they lies?
Can he read?
He's got to know because he was on my stream in 2021.
He was on a stream with me in 2023 with John Bodwin and Jessica Rose and Stephanie Seneff of MIT, where I explained how.
synthetic biology is used and misconstrued as, as virology.
I explained what infectious clones and how they could, how it could explain the pandemic.
And it was only after this, several months after this, that he called me chemtrail retarded.
And then the book came out, the book that says that I'm the expert, the glossary that says I'm the, I'm in the cast of characters, the index that, that says I'm kind of an expert for that book.
I got paid for almost two years for that book.
And then the former apprentice of Mark Lander and Francis Collins, since the beginning of the pandemic, talking about how PCR works, but just not theirs, is now saying incorrectly that somebody that came to my house in 2021, that's lied about me for almost three years with a guy in Tokyo or Japan named Kevin McCairn,
He went on a big podcast to say that not me, who's written in the book, who's got selfies with Bobby and with the soon-to-be NIH director, not me, but Charles Rixey, a former Marine and releaser or leaker of the diffuse proposal.
helped Bobby write the book.
We are at a serious crossroads here because we're supposed to believe that this guy's a hero, buddy.
What kind of error is he making?
Listen carefully.
Because in 2022, in 2022 is when Rixey came to my house.
In 2023 is when I was on Bobby's podcast, sorry, on that podcast with John Bodwin and talked to Kevin McKernan about these ideas when he could not refute them.
And it is in 2024, late 2024, that this guy is on a podcast saying that I didn't have anything to do with the book, that it was Charles Rixey who got all the answers with the diffuse proposal.
that Charles Rixey came to my house three years ago to convince me to not say was fake and to join drastic again to say that the defuse proposal was partly my discovery.
Ralph Baric's the guy who arguably taught WIV how to create the coronavirus.
Who?
Wuhan Institute of Virology.
So there was their grants that Fauci basically boomeranged off of Echo Health into the WIV because they put a gain-of-function ban on funding here in the States.
Obama did that, right?
Obama did that.
And so what Fauci's creative way around that was, well, we'll fund a nonprofit called Echo Health Alliance, run by Peter Daszak, who will launder the money for us into the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
Therefore, it's not directly from Fauci to Wuhan.
It's going through some intermediary.
And through that process, they taught the Wuhan Institute of Virology how to do this seamless no-seam technique, which is a technique of assembling viral genomes so you don't leave any evidence behind.
And so all of that is smoke and mirrors.
I've explained that yesterday, but I'll mention it here again.
Ligation of one DNA molecule to another is a very standard molecular biology technique.
They have lots of restriction enzymes to do it.
It's a very standard thing.
Anybody that's done bench work on molecular biology and made mini preps or assembled a
Any kind of construct knows this, and so he's just bullshitting somebody who doesn't have the requisite knowledge to know that they're being bullshitted, and calling a no-see-um is just crap.
It's absolutely crap.
It's a ligation technique that uses a golden gate assembly.
It's a clever way of putting stuff together so that you can't tell that someone built it necessarily from a laboratory.
However, they did leave behind some fingerprints.
So either you can't tell because they used Ralph Baric's techniques or you can tell and then it's not really no-see-um anymore, right?
But that doesn't matter with Kevin McKernan because he's lying.
that make us, that got them caught, basically.
And you should, if you wanna hear about that story, you should get Charles Rixey on here.
Charles Rixey has helped, you know, RFK write his book about this.
And Charles Rixey's a Marine, and he's been like a dog.
Understand that this is a person who worked with Mark Lander.
This is a person who took intellectual property from the Human Genome Project and made multi-generational wealth with it.
This is a person who at the beginning of the pandemic was saying that PCR works, just not the WHO.
And he was on podcasts with people who used to work for the WHO and used to work for the World Bank, who just decided to do podcasts at the start of the pandemic.
And repeatedly, he didn't lose a faculty position at a university, you know, in the United States medical school.
He got to promote his own, his own business.
Ladies and gentlemen, there is no way to explain this man's five-year behavior and interference with my ability to provide for my family other than malfeasance and participation in this national security narrative.
This guy for sure.
And once you realize that this guy has been promoted by CHD instead of me, that this guy's being promoted on Tucker and Brett and anywhere that can be promoted as an expert on the adulteration of the transfection, when transfection in its purest form would be terribly inappropriate for healthy people, I don't know how to help you.
But if you can see it,
then you are really, really close to being able to rip yourself right out of this cave.
Because he is connected to all of them.
His timeline reveals all of them.
Where he was asked to testify, when he testified, and what he said reveals all of it.
even when he finally decided to say the words transfection on X, reveals all of it as one contiguous uninterrupted pattern of meddling in our history in order to make sure our children would be bamboozled by this national security operation that was simply put in place to take a problem in the population pyramid and manage it with murder hidden by lies.
and wonderfully enough the infrastructure of the NIH got a new
never-ending stream of remnants from testing that neither he or any of these other people in the health freedom movement have ever bothered to question since like years and years and years and years ago when it is the foundation of the entire narrative.
It is the foundation of all of the biology, all of the models, all of the projections, and all of the estimations of the damage done
are based on this false pretense that PCR was and can be used as an accurate diagnostic on this molecular background.
It's just not true.
I'm gonna bone with this problem.
And he was the one who leaked the defuse proposal.
Are you familiar with the defuse proposal?
No, what is that?
So there was a grant that was... Somebody by the name of Murphy released the defuse proposal and supposedly released it to Veritas.
That's why Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has a picture of him and that O'Keefe guy on top of a mountain with his dogs.
Because that's when they went hiking and talked about the defuse proposal.
And Veritas doesn't mention Rixey.
What's going on here other than lying?
He's said his name twice now.
Proposed to the DoD to go build a weaponized coronavirus under the banner of we need to build a vaccine against this because if we can do it, the Chinese can do it kind of thing.
And the DoD turned down the grant because they thought it was too fucking crazy.
You'll have something to leak from this.
But as anyone who's written grants, I've been involved in writing grants for our company.
We've got like $30 million in grants.
You don't apply with a grant not having done 80% of it.
It's just, you're looking for the last 20%.
Now what he's saying right there, I would argue is what they got me to say for this book and what they would have liked me to keep saying about the diffuse proposal.
And in fact, they don't quote me as an employee.
They quote me from the podcast that I did
and the private conversations that I had with Bobby before I figured it all out.
And you can find that in the index.
You can find it absolutely positively in the index by looking up my last name and going, I think it's page 310, but I'm just going to look.
Yeah.
And so what he just said is exactly what I'm quoted as saying in the book.
And so let's just put this up here so you can see it.
Jonathan Cui similarly observes, the fact that Fauci and NIH turned down Drastic's proposal is irrelevant.
The proposal itself is evidence that the work may already have been done as that's how modern research is conducted and funded.
So what I'm suggesting to you again is that these people really desperately wanted to get me to play that role.
that Alex Washburn and Rixie are now being ushered onto stage to play that role by a former Human Genome Project Research and Development Director on a podcast called Danny Jones.
And this book, written by the perhaps future Health and Human Services Secretary, suggests that all of what he's saying is verifiably a lie.
And so this whole narrative of RNA can pandemic and vaccines work, but they're kind of screwed up.
This can all be broken and the criminal vaccine schedule can be exposed right now in the next few months because of the existence of this book and because of the existence of that podcast and who that guy is.
There is no other way to do the math here.
Because you just can't.
The grant process is so grueling and so competitive that in order for you to succeed, you have to have all this preliminary data that shows we can get Xed on, we've demonstrated this.
That's not how DARPA works!
Unfortunately, that's not how DARPA works!
And he probably knows that, because I know that.
I actually applied for a couple of DARPA grants while I was still working at the University of Pittsburgh because I worked for somebody who was a captain, sub-captain in the U.S.
Navy, and whose Chinese wife went from post-doc to working for McKinsey.
And that guy is part of the crew that fired me at the University of Pittsburgh.
That guy was a freak.
And he thought I was nuts.
and his Chinese wife works for McKinsey.
Yeah, I'm definitely in on this because I'm burning every bridge I've got.
I'm calling out every person that I know because I can't explain it any other way than these people are a combination of dumb and malevolent.
Because before the pandemic, I was respected at the University of Pittsburgh as somebody who could solve almost any problem on an electrophysiological rig and could slice any animal's brain better than anybody else and made the best microscope DIC images that anyone had ever seen.
So I was always getting phone calls, can you come and help me troubleshoot my image?
I can't seem to quite get the, you know, I can't get the DIC to work.
And at the start of the pandemic, when I said, ho, ho, ho, wait a minute guys, let's be, let's be careful here.
Everybody started to think that I was just some kind of clown.
And it started with the guy that was working for me.
Or that, sorry, that I was working for.
So I'm, I'm afraid right now.
I'm absolutely afraid right now because what is happening here?
How is it possible that the current set of circumstances could be bad for my family?
How is it possible that after all this time and all this sacrifice, this could possibly end up bad for my family?
Yes, we've demonstrated this piece.
Now we just need to do this last piece.
And in that diffuse proposal, they had used particular restriction enzymes.
These are enzymes that cut a particular sequence.
They used, because again, he said, well, all grand proposals are already done.
So this grand proposal means that it was done and that's.
Stop lying!
Even if this is a real grant proposal, because it was submitted to DARPA means that that's not true.
...is in DNA.
Okay.
Those are important because they help guide the way that you cut and paste DNA together.
So imagine if you're cutting and pasting a Word document, but your highlighter to highlight what sentence you want to cut can only start and end with certain, like, letters.
Those are what restrictions on them are.
So imagine you can only cut and paste where there's a the.
So you would have to then build a paragraph knowing that the paragraphs that have sentences that start with the, we're going to cut with this enzyme.
And the ones that have sentences that start with maybe, we have another enzyme with things that start with there, which is a couple more letters onto the, right?
And we're going to use those enzymes to cut here.
And by doing that, we can assemble this genome.
Well, they had certain restriction enzymes in that diffuse.
Think about how terrible that was.
For a guy who's like an expert on this since he was a teenager, that was like the shittiest analogy ever.
proposal that are present in coronavirus that's currently circulating.
And that was kind of the smoking gun that showed that, okay, this was in fact assembled.
It was a product of the diffuse proposal.
Someone eventually carried out that, that grant application to its final conclusion.
And that's what's actually circulating.
Um, and Rixie has the whole story on this.
You want to talk to him and Alex Washburn.
Um, Alex Washburn did some really interesting work.
Um,
Of course, I was called at like one in the morning and asked to work on an article which promoted Alex Washburn's paper, which purported to kind of, you know, solve this mystery.
And actually Rixey at the time was supposed to help us write that article, but he fell asleep.
I can't make it up.
There are people that are listed in this, in the acknowledgements page that know all these stories because they were there.
They were in the Zoom meetings when we were writing those articles.
Even Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
knows that story because he was like, where's Rixey?
Why isn't he on the phone?
It's laughable to me how easy it is without even having notes or anything that I can just have to remember what happened.
And the ludicrous nature of this timeline reveals itself like the finely painted lines on a highway.
It's perfect.
mapping out the frequencies of these cut sites in all other coronaviruses.
And only in SARS-CoV-2 do they exist in a manner where they are almost perfectly spaced into, they build a thing back together in six pieces.
So the Humpty Dumpty comes back together.
And so with this no-see-um technique that Breric said that he gave to, that he said that they gave to the Wuhan lab, and it makes it so you can't see that anybody did anything,
They used it, but they left all their sequences, their signature behind.
Do you see how ridiculously contradictory this story is?
Stupid complicated too.
in a sort of an engineering way through only in SARS-CoV-2.
If you look at where those restriction sites exist in all the other coronaviruses we know about, they're kind of randomly scattered.
They don't look like someone designed them in.
When you look in SARS-CoV-2, they're very perfectly spaced such that an engineer put it together.
and there's a particular set of them near the fear and cleavage site that looks like it's designed to take that fear and cleavage site in and out and mutate it and swap it around so that you can optimize this to actually hit ACE2 receptors.
And what's remarkable about the zoonosis thesis is that this thing came out pre-optimized.
Now remember, this thing came out pre-optimized is something that me as an OG drastic member was saying in
We were saying this in 2020.
We were saying this in 2020 because that was already the limited spectrum of debate in 2020.
The affinity for ACE2.
Remember, that's why Dr. Quay got involved.
That's why that other character in Australia got involved.
I can't remember his name off the top of my head.
Darn it, it's making me mad because he also had a vaccine candidate.
Darn it.
It's just endless, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm sorry, but I've seen the alien.
It's driving me bananas.
Like when we first found SARS coronavirus, the binding affinity to ACE2 was already optimized.
That's not normal.
The binding affinity was already reported right away, right?
As evidence of a lab leak and enrichment.
Like if this were a zoonotic event, the leap would mean it was unoptimized and would take maybe five or 10 years to become more optimized in the population.
That's another signature that someone had to have a piece inside the design of this virus that they could swap in and out to put a library in there, to combinatorially screen for fear and cleavage sites in receptor binding domains that would effectively allow them to reach for optimization out of the gate.
And so Charles and Alex have a good story around this about how they use serial passaging and the engineering design that they have in this implicate this as being, in fact, a weapon that was built.
And it's not something that hopped over from pangolins and bats and all that stuff.
A weapon that was built.
Not that dissimilar to what Brett Weinstein said on his third podcast with his wife, right?
Bats, bioweapons, and societal response.
And in 2024, it's a bioweapon that was built.
That's what drastic was saying in 2020 already that it was a bioweapon.
Ladies and gentlemen, they have revealed themselves because of their arrogance, because they think we're farther behind or something.
I don't know what's going on.
But this is a huge kink in the armor because Rixie is not listed in the book.
Diffuse is fake.
And this guy's saying all the things that he's saying.
I would have predicted this two and a half years ago when that silly Defender article was written at the middle of the night.
that this is where we were going.
And I probably did.
If you could look back at my streams, you'd probably find that.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Harvey Rich, I think has another interesting like window on this, like the Harvey Reich.
I have a recording of Harvey Reich that I can't use because I recorded it without his permission.
But, uh, uh, before I deleted it, there was a recording of,
of him saying all kinds of ridiculous things about how he was on hydroxychloroquine as a prophylactic and he took the shots, but he still got COVID and it was worse and terrible and whatever.
And I laughed at him.
Harvey Reich was on stage in the fourth COVID summit in Romania with Nick Hudson and Denny Rancourt and Brett Weinstein and Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone and Jessica Rose and Jason Kristoff and Ryan Cole and Byron Bridle in Romania in November of 2023.
It's worth a view on the Ron Johnson thing that I was at.
Harvey gave his pitch on like, all right, where the hell did this all come from?
And how do we avoid doing this again?
And he had the most compelling synopsis, I think, because everyone's been like, can they be this evil?
What the hell happened?
I think his story makes the most sense, which is that the biodefense industry, if you will, has always kind of justified itself on that we need to be doing gain-of-function research to protect against a particular weapon.
And so we're going to preemptively do all this.
Fast forward to 2020, they've never come up with something they've saved us from.
And then the first thing that leaks
is potentially from their own making, right?
So that puts the biodefense industry on their heels and that we have to be in control of the solution to this, otherwise we're non-existent when this is done.
So the biodefense industry leaked something they didn't intend to leak and now they're overplaying their hand because if they're not in control at the end of this, then they won't exist.
Lion!
Boy, that is some really terrible shit right there.
Let's get Fauci involved, because they had him on payroll.
And of course, Fauci, I think you've probably seen some of those emails and conversations that- Oh, yeah.
You'll have orders.
You have things to do.
He's so arrogantly talking about, you won't, you'll get a vaccine or you'll lose your job.
The kids will get kicked out of school.
his his emails internally that leaked out of the NIH were were like you'll have things to do tomorrow you must read this paper this is a paper about you know potential leak right early on this like February and the pandemic where it it first hit on him
That this could have come from money from his pocket like it could have come from the whiff and the Wuhan Institute of Virology and so suddenly Tony's now implicated and maybe have funding the virus that leaked and It's only he's in panic mode sending emails to everyone that night like read all so the scooby-doo mystery.
He's unmasking Fauci right now See they covered it up
It's the Scooby-Doo Mystery at the end of 2024 provided by the former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project, apprentice of Mark Lander and Tony Fauci and Francis Collins, who was at the start of the pandemic telling us that PCR works, just not theirs, who was part of the Corman-Jorston report, which was a fake
fake objection to the who's PCR test while still promoting PCR as a diagnostic who came on my stream in 2021 to say nothing useful less than a couple weeks before Rixie would come to my house to beg me to accept the defuse proposal as real
and a year later i would be on a stream with kevin again where he would try to debunk the the the synthetic dna and rna is transfected into cell culture and that's virology nonsense that eventually called me chemtrail retarded is now a year later after that on a very big podcast saying that ricksy is a hero and that he has the the
the goods on this, you know, cause he has been keeping an Excel file since the beginning of the pandemic.
I mean, nevermind Mark Housatonic's website or whatever, just Rixey's Excel file is just amazing.
The stuff you'll have you'll have assignments tomorrow like we got to get on this and Francis Collins is in there talking about how We have to have a swift takedown of all these conspiracy theories that say it comes it could be engineered And so they're in high gear right now trying to cover the can you feel how it's a hamster wheel?
And when I say hamster wheel, I mean that rungs and the wheel come back
You know, if you shit on this part of the wheel, it's going to come back and you're going to run through your own shit.
And in this case, what happens during the hamster wheel is these parts of the narrative come back as if they were always confirmed.
You know, like, yeah, they funded Peter Daszak and yada, yada, yada, but nobody ever makes the jump that maybe Shang-Chi Lee was working for the American government too and reported a sequence that the American government or whatever, you know, military industrial complex is pulling this off.
and managing our population pyramid wanted her to find?
Isn't that weird?
How they're fine with saying that the virus was created, but then it's gotta be a leak.
It couldn't be that the agent that they were paying also just reported whatever frickin' sequence they wanted.
And then they just went ahead with it.
It's just amazing how many permutations and interpretations of the recent history are completely ignored.
And instead, this ridiculously simple Scooby-Doo mystery narrative is repeated over and over and over again by these people to the point where they even wrote a book about it that they now have to lie about in order to make sure that I am not associated with it.
That what I have to say about this book is never heard
If this is not evidence of the current situation we're in and how close we are to breaking this narrative, I don't know how many times we're gonna get this close again for it to be so obvious.
This guy, this guy is being nominated for HHS secretary.
Jay Bhattacharya is being nominated for NIH director.
This should not be bad for my family.
But his take is that the biodefense program then went to high gear trying to get the vaccine as the only solution to fix this.
That way, they would have a justification for, yes, something leaked.
Sorry, we don't really know who made it.
But we happened to save the day with a biodefense program having this vaccine ready.
See, this scan and function stuff really needs to happen.
Otherwise, we would have been millions of people would have died without this.
which is a narrative you hear people try to propagate in the news, right?
That without this vaccine, it saves 20 million people.
They conjure up all of these weird epidemiological studies that try to make that case in their own modeling studies that are easily dismantled.
I think that that is a lesson for us going forward that this gain-of-function work is more dangerous than it can ever help and it is something they need to put a real tight lid on because This you know, I'm involved in a separate side of this which is okay.
You found a contaminant in these machines and that could implicate fraud.
Fraud might unwind the PREP Act.
Therefore lawyers can now go after the FDA and the first trial that tried to do that was with Brooke Jackson and Brooke Jackson had evidence of
So now they can go after the FDA.
Do you hear it?
Cause that's where this is going.
I'm sure of it.
Of the trials being fabricated.
Like she was in that, she was at Ventavia being asked to like, you know, shift around the PCR numbers or, or shift around the data on unblind this site and then blind that site.
That way they could, they could play games with the clinical trial data.
Right.
Doesn't sound like he's being very accurate here.
I bet that's by design.
And she blew the whistle on that.
They brought that to court.
The judge ruled that this was not  yes, Pfizer lied, but they were told to lie by the DoD.
This is not a typical manufacturing arrangement.
This is actually a biological countermeasure.
The DoD is running this.
You have the wrong defendants.
So they have to like re-steer their case maybe toward the DOD.
I mean, they don't know.
This is how do you sue the DOD?
The judge said that they were told to lie about the SV40 because... No, not SV40.
This is just fraud, a different form of fraud.
But we expect if we approach them with the SV40 thing, they'll probably use the same excuse.
Like it's a precedent that they said.
I can't believe this SV40 story isn't everywhere.
Yeah, they have a lot of fact checkers talking about it, which is a sign that they're worried about it.
They don't assign, all the fact checkers you see, if you dig into them, there's some connection of money either back to the Gates Foundation or to a pharmaceutical company one way or another.
They are pumping out, I mean, even the government came out saying they had a billion dollars to spend on reducing vaccine hesitancy for basically marketing their narrative.
I wonder how many billions of dollars they had to make sure that the existence of a novel virus was never questioned, that the use of PCR as a diagnostic to create a remnant stream that could create a database that could be used to interface with Epic database or any other database of a corporate hospital or corporate health
insurance database and look at those genomes from those college kids and get their medical records and put them all together and create the dream database that anybody that worked for the Human Genome Project would know would be the invaluable resource that they would need to make any progress in the future using, I don't know, AI to try and decode the human genome.
You know, like Claire Craig, his co-author on the Corman Drosten Review was doing before the pandemic.
If you will, so when you can tell which topics worry them by how many fact checkers are sick on it.
And I think you can tell which which dissident voices worry them by how many of these people came to their house.
How many of these people have just gone on the attack and just called me a liar, shithead, pedophile like Sasha Latupova or called me chemtrail retarded like the Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project did?
What a badge of honor that is!
That's one step away from having Tony Fauci call me chemtrail retarded or Francis Collins to write a folk song and sing about me being chemtrail retarded is the only thing that could be better than having a substack article written by the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project calling my idea
not even my idea, just my semantic choice of how to describe virology as the use of synthetic DNA and RNA to transfect cell culture and animals and call that virology.
That's Chemtrail retarded to the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project.
And I believe with my whole heart and mind that his statement
is an admission.
And that in my lifetime, if not in the next few years, that will result in his public humiliation.
It has to, because Rixey didn't help him write this book.
Rixey didn't release the diffuse proposal.
The diffuse proposal is a lie.
Any proposal that's given to DARPA is not done.
It is a literal proposal.
That's what DARPA does.
It's very different than an NIH R01 grant.
And when I was quoted in this book, I didn't even understand that.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are at one of the most crucial points in human history right now.
And it is absolutely imperative that we try to wake as many people up as we can because they have gone over their skis.
And there's no way to explain this timeline with good intentions.
We're probably right up there at the top.
If you look up the SV40 stuff, they have gotten every one of the fact-checkers to write something about it.
There is no way to explain it.
This should never be bad for my family.
Having participated in the writing of this book should never have been bad for my family.
Becoming friends with Jay Bhattacharya should never be bad for my family.
Having had Jessica Rose and Mary Bowden and Kevin McCairn and Kevin McKernan and Charles Rixey on my stream should not have ended up bad for my family.
But somehow or another, despite having a friend nominated for the NIH director and having a former employer and friend nominated for HHS secretary, my family's in trouble.
We don't have rent for next month.
And we won't have rent for the month after that, and we won't have rent for the month after that, unless something is changed about what we're doing here.
Unless this starts to get out in a way that it's not getting out right now.
Otherwise, my work will still depend on like four people.
Greg, and Jeff, and Kara, and Simon, and Steven, that's it.
And William.
That's it.
Everybody else that's subscribing, yes, they are helping and it is amazing that I have subscribers that give me $10 a month.
But I'm not gaining any of those people.
That should go up steadily if what I'm saying is true and the message that I am saying is fact-checked or challenged and comes out ahead, then there's no explanation for why my family and I still only have 130 people subscribed.
Still only have 3,100 people on Twitch that even follow me.
Still have less than 14,000 followers on Twitch.
Still nobody really finding the soapbox.
Still not really getting a thousand views on my peer tube.
Something is extremely wrong.
And it is because the military programs of social media have absolutely and totally X'd me out.
You think that other people see me.
I think other people see me, but other people don't.
Even when you retweet me.
And there's no way for you to check.
You just assume.
Those numbers are all fake.
And they probably have been since the beginning of the pandemic.
I hope my friends don't leave me in the lurch.
I hope my relationship with these people doesn't end up to be something that costs my family into the future.
It definitely shouldn't, but I can tell you for sure that nobody is in this narrative by chance.
If you look at Pierre Khoury's record and what he said and when he said it, you will find that he's not there by accident.
If you look at this guy who is an author of the Corman-Jorston Review with Claire Craig and what he's saying then versus what he's saying now, you can see that there's nobody in this narrative by chance.
The research and development director of the Human Genome Project is not just doing this because he really believes in health freedom.
And so I'm just gonna say it plainly.
I think that ICANN and CHD and FLCCC and Pandata or Panda and Heart and the Doctors for COVID Ethics group run by Michael Palmer are all probably sabotaged from the inside because members of team worst case scenario that include but are not limited to George Webb and his associates, Robert Malone and his associates, Steve Bannon and his associates and the intellectual Dark Web and adjacent bros with shows.
And these people have been responsible for infiltrating and polluting this message of these groups, even coordinating the sabotage of these groups to make sure that they never usefully have a message.
And it's found everywhere.
You want some history?
Maybe you can go get your copies of the AAPS News, the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons.
I have a follower by the name of Juan who was disappointed in one of my last streams because he didn't realize that the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons wasn't as good as he thought they were, even though he's a subscriber to them.
because he went through all these journals and he finds like article after article by Stephen Hadfield and Robert Malone.
And all of them are saying stuff that doesn't get our kids out.
And so I wasn't publishing every quarter in the AAPS News, but they were, and they were publishing things that
that supported the idea of a novel virus that needed novel solutions that might have been from gain of function that would come again.
I don't know where these people got their money, but I could make a reasonable guess that a lot of it comes from the diagnostics and the industry and companies and stocks associated with that.
Those are medical devices also regulated by the FDA.
And if this was gonna be crushed, if this was gonna be exposed as the fraud that it was just to create remnants for the military version of the,
of the Human Genome Project, then the way that it would be exposed would be to use the FDA to destroy diagnostics as medical devices that don't work.
and specifically PCR diagnostics.
Another thing that a lot of these people are into, because if you go to their streams, to these guys' streams, you will see that they're all selling supplements, and those are supplements whose labels are necessarily regulated by the FDA.
The FDA doesn't allow them to say shit on their labels that isn't true unless they say that none of this has been verified by the FDA.
They can't say safe and effective or what it does without also admitting that it hasn't been evaluated
And that's the FDA's fault.
So all these people, the wellness company, all these fitness supplements, all these things really don't like the FDA that much because their label is governed by them.
The claims that they can make in their commercials are governed by the FDA.
The same people that govern the diagnostic stream and old and new social media.
because of course the demonstrating their power also gets them a seat at the table.
So private interests are starting to get a seat at the table in the military industrial complex governance of us, even playing roles in us.
And that's another place where this money comes from.
You know, Locals has got money in it.
Rumbles got contracts and all those people are taking contracts from those new and old social media.
I guarantee it, including X.
And so the associated stocks of course are the reason why maybe Steve Bannon and somebody like Paul Cottrell who worked for Catholic charities and trading for them would be involved in this because they could take advantage of the diagnostics and warp speed and the supplements and make sure that there was money always flowing that could support this huge network of meddlers that was going to muddy the water around anything useful and never, ever, ever
make any progress into getting our kids out.
And most of them can be seen very clearly as being anti-FDA.
Incidentally, the director, the research and development director for the Human Genome Project, Kevin McKernan, in 2020 is three times on a podcast of Vance Crowe, who used to work for the World Bank, saying that the FDA is in the way because an EUA is like 10 pages of paperwork.
And if we didn't have the FDA, we'd probably already be out of this pandemic.
And in 2025, not very dissimilarly from that, the only organization really regularly under attack is the FDA, but not because of the PCR and the illusion of the pandemic, but because the FDA is bad and they let the shots through.
And I believe that the FDA could be one of the ways that we could save our children from being co-opted into this medical sampling experimental paradigm that they are inverting our sovereignty to.
I think the FDA and its mandate might be something that our kids might wanna have.
And I think that a lot of these people might actually be interested in getting rid of it because it also would enable this.
the endless generation of remnants on diagnostics that don't need to be tested anymore.
Maybe because the diagnostics are personal for you.
Stop lying!
So PCR is a diagnostic, is an illusion because of the way that it's used on the academic bench versus the way that it was used at the beginning of the pandemic.
None of these people will reasonably talk about how it was used at the beginning of the pandemic, both with single amplicon, without nested primers, but also with multiple amplicons, but not requiring all the amplicons to be present.
and then changing and ratcheting that up back and forth in over 200 permutations.
Nobody's ever going to say that.
They don't want to talk about that at all because there's still money being made and still remnants being generated because PCR has become accepted as a diagnostic as a result of the plandemic exercise.
They don't want to talk about synthetic recombinant genetics because what that would reveal is that they've always known this would be a problem.
All these things, these are not shortcomings that any of these people who worked in pharmaceutical companies didn't already know about, including Mike Yeadon and Sasha Latupova and Jonathan Engler and anybody else that worked in pharmaceutical for years before this.
Because pharmaceutical companies make biologics, and the way they make biologics is to make DNA in large quantities using bacterial cultures and then convert that DNA to the biologic, which is a protein, like an antibody.
And so all of these pharmaceutical companies had the ability to make DNA, therefore they had all the ability to make RNA too.
And so this idea that they had to ramp up manufacturing or convert a bunch of factories or make new factories is kind of a limited hangout because all of the equipment existed, all the techniques existed.
And somebody who's doing that kind of work wouldn't even know what they were growing because all of the basics of growing the recombinant DNA in the bacteria vat, that's all the same mix.
And so they don't want you to know that this is not new, that this is one of the only things they can do, which is what?
They can make an absolute megaton of pure DNA or pure RNA if they want to.
That's what PCR finds.
And so on a background,
If they wanted to find something, it would be very easy to find.
If they had an agent that they had already been paying through EcoHealth Alliance, then that agent would report and find exactly what she was told to find.
And the way that they would do it is just make it using standard techniques that were developed during the Human Genome Project under the direction of Kevin McKernan.
And so transfection is a crime and it always was because we've been using synthetic DNA and RNA to transfect things for a long time.
We tried it on Jesse Gelsinger and Robert Malone was involved in that coverup as well.
We are there now, ladies and gentlemen, this is over, this needs to end.
Transfection was always a crime and that's why they had to interfere with my family from 2020 onward, because I was saying it in 2020.
The other thing they're not saying is how easily these manufacturing quotas could be met and how easily the safety signal otherwise definitely expected from a transfection mass rollout would be avoided is placebo.
And that's why they had people like Sasha Latupova fooling people like Mike Eden into talking about different batches instead of just saying how easy it would be to do this with placebo.
And they're still not saying it.
And they never will, even though they're manufacturing experts and know that this is the way, even though Mike Eden in 2021 in January almost said it.
When he was presenting Sasha's data, he said, you know, you could get the same results with saline.
And then for four years, he never said it again.
Interesting, isn't it?
Ladies and gentlemen, I have just one possibility that they made a sequence that they wanted to find and they released it or even better, they had their agent in Wuhan say that she found it.
That sequence was an immunogen that was designed by the NIH so that when they used it in their transfection, it would work.
And then they rolled out that transfection on a placebo background so that there would be no useful signal that anybody would see.
And they use non-specific PCR tests to convert a background to that signal or pretend that they did.
and instead we have a health freedom movement in America that won't talk about 2020 and health freedom rocks and that's about all they've got to say.
And that health freedom movement descends from a health freedom movement that is even before 2015, but in 2015, when Mary Holland herself was on Democracy Now!
to say that some component of the MMR vaccine injured her son.
A year later, there would be a vaxxed movie, and five years later, the pandemic would start, and all those people who knew all about the vaccine schedule and its dangers before the pandemic would, rather than telling us to not comply,
would have stories about a fear and cleavage site and a toxic spike protein and flying AIDS or no virus or the PCR works just not theirs.
And six years later, this health freedom movement has a track record lacking the principles that they purported to have already back before the pandemic.
And instead has littered with evidence
patterns of malfeasance, patterns of lies and obfuscation, patterns of not being dissident, outspoken, risking everything, but instead being participants in a limited spectrum of debates set up by a military operation probably to manage the population pyramid in the West.
That's why I think social media is this, but it requires these people.
Without these participants, social media is not the fine, sharp, military, psychological katana that it has become.
Without these performers,
It's not possible.
Charles Rixey and Andrew Huff were running around together behind the scenes at Bobby's announcement in Boston, the same place where I saw Robert Malone hug Meryl Nass like they were high school sweethearts.
Brett Weinstein has been in a Signal chat with me since 2020 when I was telling him that transfection would cause autoimmunity and it would be impossible to describe how many ways.
And Kevin McKernan is central to this narrative because of his history all the way back to the Human Genome Project that I'm arguing has needed this remnant stream all along.
And they had the perfect cover.
A predicted rise in all-cause mortality that they could tell whatever story they wanted to about, and they did.
They used murder and lies, perpetuated by traitors,
to hide the murder.
Myths.
Myths that go all the way back to DNA, therefore evolution.
The bad biology 101.
They murdered people, ladies and gentlemen, and called it a mystery virus.
It's why there's no epidemiological evidence of spread.
That's why we don't have lawyers that will discuss the legal ramifications of these laws, the legal framework that is violated by these laws, the legal norms that are violated by these laws, which essentially qualify them to be struck on their face as unconstitutional
We don't have a lawyer that can say that.
We only have a biologist in the back of his garage in Pittsburgh who can say that if a law allows the government to suspend fundamental rights, then there better be some strict scrutiny in the law, otherwise the law is unconstitutional.
This can't be bad for my family, ladies and gentlemen.
It's just impossible for me to believe that this can be bad for my family.
Instead, I am optimistic that this means that we are very close to this dam breaking open, the truth coming out, and our children being free.
I think the truth is available and I think it can be placed on one slide and this is the slide.
Ladies and gentlemen, I love you very much.
Thank you for being here.
Don't let the health freedom movement be a joke on our grandkids.
Please don't let it be a joke on our grandkids.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection was a crime and RNA cannot pandemic.
The U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'll see you again probably tomorrow.